[JENKINS-54951] Updated README doc (#10)
jenkinsci/audit-log-plugin: README.md

# Audit Logging Plugin

Project Status
---
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jvz/audit-log-plugin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jvz/audit-log-plugin)

> #### License [license] | Cover Coverage Status (https://todothis.com) | Maven Central Location (https://todothis.com)

Author: they'll be badges :)

> #### License [license] | Cover Coverage Status (https://todothis.com) | Maven Central Location (https://todothis.com)

Reviewer: "Cover Coverage Status" ?

## Project Overview

In [Jenkins][jenkins-site], there are several categories of user-initiated actions, such as:
- Starting and/or stopping a Jenkins build.
- Performing a change to the Jenkins configuration settings.
- TODO: Add some other user-actions

> As well as actions not initiated by the user, such as by the Jenkins system, for example:

Reviewer: This is a sentence fragment. It would be better to convert this to a proper sentence (subject - verb).

  + Clearly describe the issue, including steps to reproduce when it is a bug.
  + Make sure you fill in the earliest version that you know has the issue.
+ Fork the [repository][project-repo] on GitHub, take a look at the [project's JIRA page][project-jira] and [Wiki]([audit-log-wiki]).

Getting Started: Setup
----------------------

#### TODO - how to setup/start the plugin with Jenkins, etc

Usage
----------------------

#### TODO - demo, screenshot, gifs of running audit logging, etc

Contributing to the Audit Log Project
--------------------------

We accept Pull Requests via GitHub. The [gitter](https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/outreachy) is the
main channel of communication for contributors.

Before you dig right into the code, there are a few guidelines that we need
contributors to follow so that we can have a chance of keeping on top of
things and it makes applying PRs easier for us:
+ Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work (this is usually the master branch).
  Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
+ Make commits of logical units.
+ Respect the original code style: by using the same [codestyle][code-style],

>   patches should only highlight the actual difference, not being disturbed by any formatting issues:

Reviewer: "patches" -> "Patches" 
(inconsistent capitalization typo)

  + Only use spaces for indentation.
  + Create minimal diffs - disable on save actions like reformat source code or organize imports.
    If you feel the source code should be reformatted, create a separate PR for this change.
  + Check for unnecessary whitespace with `git diff --check` before committing.
+ Make sure your commit messages are in the proper format. Your commit message should contain the key of the JIRA issue.
```
[MCOMPILER-XXX] - Subject of the JIRA Ticket

>  Optional supplemental description.

Reviewer 2: Should add a blank line between the "subject" line and the "body" of the commit message.

```
+ Make sure you have added the necessary tests (JUnit/IT) for your changes.
+ Run all the tests with `mvn -Prun-its verify` to assure nothing else was accidentally broken.

> + Submit a pull request to the repository in the Apache organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Submit a pull request to the repository in the Jenkins project.
```

+ Update your JIRA ticket and include a link to the pull request in the ticket.
+ For changes of a trivial nature to comments and documentation, it is not always necessary to
create a new ticket in JIRA.  In this case, it is appropriate to start the first line of a commit
with '(doc)' instead of a ticket number.

Additional Resources
--------------------

+ [General GitHub documentation](https://help.github.com/)
+ [Developing Jenkins Plugins](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Extend+Jenkins)
+ [Jenkins Developer Documentation](https://jenkins.io/doc/developer)
+ [Jenkins Main site][jenkins-site]
+ [Jenkins Developer Mailing List](https://jenkins.io/mailing-lists/)

> [license]: https://todothis.com

Reviewer 2: This should be the same link as, well, every other reference to the MIT license. See pom.xml for the canonical link.

Author: should i put in any copyright text ?

[new-contributor-guide]: https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Beginners+Guide+to+Contributing
[jenkins-site]: http://jenkins.io/

> [code-style]: https://logging.apache.org/log4j-audit/latest/javastyle.html

Reviewer: It looks like this links to the Apache log4j coding style. Is that intentional?

Reviewer 2: This one is intentional. Since Jenkins doesn't really have any well-defined style guides, we decided to adopt the same one used by Log4j/Log4j Audit.

Reviewer: That's a good plan.

Contributing to the Audit Log Project
--------------------------

We accept Pull Requests via GitHub. The [gitter][project-gitter] is the
main channel of communication for contributors.

Before you dig right into the code, there are a few guidelines that we need
contributors to follow so that we can have a chance of keeping on top of
things and it makes applying PRs easier for us:
+ Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work (this is usually the master branch).
  Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
+ Make commits of logical units.
+ Respect the original code style: by using the same [codestyle][code-style], patches should only highlight the actual difference, not being disturbed by any formatting issues:
  + Only use spaces for indentation.
  + Create minimal diffs - disable on save actions like reformat source code or organize imports.
    If you feel the source code should be reformatted, create a separate PR for this change.
  + Check for unnecessary whitespace with `git diff --check` before committing.
+ Make sure your commit messages are in the proper format. Your commit message should contain the key of the JIRA issue.
```

> [MCOMPILER-XXX] - Subject of the JIRA Ticket

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[JENKINS-XXX] - Subject of the JIRA Ticket
```

Since this plugin puts its tickets in that JIRA project, might as well be less confusing (MCOMPILER is a maven plugin).
